Kiwi Media Presents...
Ê
AMBIENT
Ê
Another in the series of musically-inspired fonts.

Ambient is a font based on the type found on the sleeve of the Moby album 
"Ambient" (hence the name).  It is a resonably simple type, but has kind 
of a neat flair to it, which is why I decided to make it into a font.  

I've been asked why I do so many album cover fonts.  Well, aside from the 
fact that I listen to a lot of CDs, I find that some of the best graphic 
design (and subsequently type design) ends up on the covers of various 
albums.  

And now the pitiful shareware plea:  please send me money.  $5 would be 
nice.  Whatever you can muster.  As I usually say, the adoration of 
countless women and interantional fame and fortune would be nice if you 
can send that, but I'll settle for email if it's all you can afford.  To 
contact me about my snailmail address (which changes occasionally) send me 
email at:

	wonko@dax.cs.wisc.edu

So what's with this Kiwi thing?  Kiwi Media is a little computer arts 
group I formed in the mid eighties so I had something to put in the 
credits for the Apple // animations that I had been working on.   Since 
that time, it has grown to encompass almost two people and hold assets in 
the dozens of dollars. 

---------------------------------------------

I'm also going to plug the UPL shamelessly right here:  The UPL is the 
University of Wisconsin's CS Undergraduate Projects Lab. It is a 
completely student administrated and coordinated computer lab, a place 
where students interested in learning programming and system administration 
can work independently in an environment conducive to such activities.  We 
currently have three workstations (two DEC 5000s and an HP 9000) and a two 
old HP's that we use for XTerms.  If you know of any group interested in 
donating equipment to this lab, which is one of only two or three such 
labs in the world, please contact me.  All our equipment is donated, and 
we are completely non-profit (all time and effort is donated too). 

---------------------------------------------

Ok, enough of that.  Here's a list of PC truetype fonts currently in 
existence that are made by Kiwi media:

Devotion: A font based on the brushstroke handwriting on the cover of dM's 
"Songs of Faith and Devotion."

SinGothic: A cool fractured font extrapolated from the cover of the NIN 
"Sin" single.

Ambient:  If you're reading this, you've got it.

Ultraworld:  A bold, rounded font based on the logo of the ambient techno 
band, The Orb.

Technobats: a collection of 26 dingbats, logoes of 
techno/industrial/synthpop bands and some of their record labels.

    
Thanks for your support, and watch for more interesting and unusual fonts 
and such from Kiwi Media.  Suggestions and comments are appreciated.